n ame
me
goo
car
me
Well is also Ito Works
It is called
I got it by saying yes, but I tried to use the Colava of the city that disappeared last time
This time with the fact that Yuki-chan did not come out with Nee Doria ticket was full I get
Revenge for saying
Want to do I want to First table is to go from this terminal is not so much good
I think for this time also for four
Let's think Well then go and want to try doing it to
To go
Follow
Ikuchan
The gospel one day Tsu Tsu
Enter
Ne was still cat is let's followed Well then Ritter
water
Don't
Even if it comes outside
No godly
Hmm
Hitoshi'd let's take a poke Ne'm good-chan because reasonably available
Switch
let's do it
cooking
I'm Getter Yuki-chan Masako Masako
Insanely
1100-chan came out I
Surprised seek did not think're in you this tape is not so good I a mobile
Yuki-chan was
I'm Tokai
Well Then ｰｰｰwas Massubo I think I want to go this terminal
Well then I would like to go on the next terminal
Then let's go , but this terminal came out, but this terminal
There is a great possibility that this terminal will come out with a good deal and a teal .
Let's go
Switch
Ayu-chan like this every day 2 Koiko
Good YYY
Ricky Rianon depot star-chan came out
Now let's go with the guy who has this
stay
Ayucha
Thank you for entering
Boop
In the cat aaa
Hey let's continue
Next is Yuki-chan
Fight one by one in-house science and engineering
Puri
Let's continue with my sister
Or ask to go Mars-chan
I 'm in love
You may not know Yu- chan
yeah
Follower worst is money
I think I want to go cross-sectional end of such mon'll Well Then
Muscle bomber
Well then I 'd like to continue, so I'm going to this terminal
Shaa ea
Please stand
g generation texture
h
It is a quote
Then I think that I want to spell it
water
Said twice
Yu-chan fine and
I
Wowa char
And it was cat Machen
Then let's make a wife last 1 time Yuki-chan Yuki
Among these Yuchun worked!
Finger year
Not any of the I was I now Prime Minister
Then let's go on last
Well then I want to go to the last terminal This is because it is quite good for the table
I would like to expect
Let's go then let's go
One asks to Masuritchan
First place
Ricoh will be standing
Let's switch
Is Yuki Chan
Wow
Get well by two entered this person
Wakamizu let's go A'
It was vacant
points Ppoin' each Well
One in the horse's eyes
Then it is the last
The best request I like wearing one
Say that
Wow did not come
Until you're the first to Yuki-chan, so let's say ok ranch
Or everyone's had How was Yuki-chan
Underneath off at everyone's Feedback wait tori Mars this time of the fact that Genji great success in
Well then
We were waiting for good
Game book Iki
Yes
Hmm
uh
dj
me
Ys f
tee
me